fix 

✅ if currently index number 3 music is playing and when searched the music in search bar then it show the index number 3 as playing i.e. css effect of currently playing music

✅ all favourite music is not playing only some of them are playing and show the favourite music in ascending order 

✅ when the new music is added then arrange it to ascending order in the favourite music list and make the favourite music playingin the ascending order, currently it's playing in the order of favourite music added

✅ make it such that when search is done and clicked on "play searched" then only searched music list should be played in ascending order 

arrange the music in user defined order and play the music accordingly
Allow users to reorder songs in the playlist 

✅ keyboard shortcut for like/unlike i.e. ctrl+alt
show toast notification

✅ when the music is searched and played then it don't play that respetive music it plays the initially ordered music list for example if i play the 2nd music from the searched music then it's playing the second music of initially ordered music list

Song Queue
Let users queue up songs to play next, in addition to the current playlist order.

✅ Sleep Timer
Let users set a timer to stop playback after a certain time.

✅ Download/Share
Allow users to download songs (if permitted) or share a song/playlist link.

Recently Played
Show a list of recently played songs for quick access

✅ Clear Cache/Reset App
Button to clear local storage (favorites, last played, etc.) and reset the app.

✅ About/Info
Show app version, credits, or a link to your portfolio/GitHub.

✅ Feedback/Contact
Let users send feedback or bug reports (could open a mailto: link or a feedback form).

✅ Keyboard Shortcuts Reference
Show a list of available keyboard shortcuts for power users.

✅ Import/Export Playlists
Let users export their favorites or playlists as a file, and import them later.

first lets add the "clear cache, import/export, feedback, keyboard shortcuts reference, about" 



features
1) favourite music section where favourite music is only played
2) search the music to playlist and youtube directly
3) searched music is played with "play searched" button 
4) remembers the last played, favourite, volume level 
5) add the music to favourite category
6) separate favourite playlist
7) show previous & next music name on hover
8) download the music 
9) sleep timer
10) 
